Q. Why are ace archives not supported?

A. Because on some strange reasons there is no support on Linux for creating archives, only extraction with unace. When they will
develop full support for ace archives I will add it to Xarchiver.

Q. How can I create an archive with some files password protected and others not?

A. First of all choose 'New' and select one of arj, 7zip, rar or zip archive formats and choose 'Add' from the Action menu.
Do NOT check "Password" in the Add dialog. Add your files and then reopen the Add dialog again but this time check "Password" and
enter your password. From now on all the files you add to the archive will be password protected.

Q. Why does Xarchiver emit this error message when handling some tar archives?

        tar: Skipping to next header
        tar: Error exit delayed from previous errors

A. Xarchiver it's only a frontend which runs the archiver and reports ITS error messages. Most probably you are opening an archive
produced with older versions of tar than the one you are currently using or the archive is corrupted.

Q. Why is the option "Extract with full path" disabled when using the -e switch with tar archives?

A. Because GNU tar does not provide a full way to extract files without the directories in which they are contained as the other
archivers do. Extraction without path when using the GUI is perfomed with a trick which is not available when using the -e switch
from the command line.

Q. Why does Xarchiver sometimes report errors but the Error messages window is empty?

A. Please remember Xarchiver is only a frontend, it correctly reads any output from STDOUT or STDERR. most probably the archiver
didn't write anything to those channels even though it exits with an error code.

Q. What is the meaning of this error message?

	Invalid byte sequence in conversion input

A. The file you are trying to display is encoded with a different encoding than the locale one and the conversion to UTF8 , the default 
encoding with GTK, fails. I could set the encoding to ISO8859-1 because doing this fixes the problem, but it creates another one with 
german umlauts in ASCII files for example; they would be incorrectly showed. So if you get this error please extract the file and then 
see it with your favourite text editor. 
